John Fredrik    
                - I like that you have a section on the limitations of case studies,
                and I believe a case study is a suitable choice for your research area
                - Maybe explain what ISO 15926 is.
                - You mention Benbasat et al. [1987]s claim that IS research is 
                    always one step behind, do you believe that's still true with the 
                    newer focus on Design Research?
                    
                - You mention different data sources on page 11, 
                    you might add which of these you believe you are going to use
                
                - Say more about which analytical methods you plan on using.
                    
                - One minor thing, you say on page 9( this might be a quote from Benbasat et al. [1987]) 
                    that "case study research gives the possibility to answer ”how” and ”why” questions."
                    I would just like to add that I feel that is a to strong a claim,
                    I would modify it to "suggest answers" or "provide explanations".
                    
                    
Lisa Halvorsen
    There seems to be some citations missing on page 12, and 13
        maybe you should check the bibtex file to make sure there aren't any errors
    You mention in the "Design as an artefact" section that 
            "To use information that is not directly related to the tourist domain will be a challenge"
        Do you believe that this could be helped if we had a similar type of datasource that was truly open?
    You could mention how the different methodologies from Nunamaker Jr et al. (1990) will be used.
        Expand on the different activities
        
        
        
        
        
        
Feedback
    Skrive noe om kritikk av forskningsmetoden.
    Kanskje et appendix med fordeler og ulemper(guidelines).
    Evaluering: utdype hva som er kriteriene 
    Utdype guidelines?
    Mer litteratur, utvide fokus
    Experimentation: 
        Think aloud( Ta opp lyd)
    Survey:
        Reflektere på brukergruppe
        Gå på turistkontoret?
    Referere til spike(Se Lisa Halvorsen)
    Theory Building
        Reflektere over hva jeg har lært
    
    Mellom Litterature Review og Metode: Avsnitt med forskningsspørmål
    